Support for maximum size for Output of checks (#5233)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/api/agent/check.html.md

  case of a Script, HTTP, TCP, or gRPC check. Can be specified in the form of "10s"
  or "5m" (i.e., 10 seconds or 5 minutes, respectively).

- `OutputMaxSize` `(positive int: 4096)` - Allow to put a maximum size of text

>   for the given check. This value must be between 0 and 4096, by default, the value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for the given check. This value must be greater than 0, by default, the value
```
